Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to get started and analyze the Amazon Alexa reviews rating.
It's actually really interesting.
Let's get started.
Maybe going to walk you through the data overview we have done that in the past in the previous lecture
but I'm gonna walk you through it really quick.
So now we have 3000 Amazon customer reviews the store readings and our objective here is to simply do
some data analysis visualization some sentiment analysis and so on.
Please please go ahead and do in the.
Make sure that you installed world cloud.
So pip install word cloud should install it and you're going to be ready to to go ahead.
So first step we're going to import important libraries.
We're going to import pandas as PD.
We're going to import none pi as MP because remember pandas is mainly used for kind of data frame manipulations
because remember think of it as excel.
So this is basically as like you having excel within a python environment.
That's num pi.
That's pandas num pi is mainly used for numerical analysis.
We're going to import as well seaborne as S.A. and seaborne is used again for data visualization as
actually used for statistical data visualization.
It's very helpful very powerful to show you tons of information using very very small commands and then
we're going to import map plot lib map plot lib dot pie plot as BLT again map plot lib is useful for
data visualization and plotting as well ships enter to run its gates take a little bit of a while and
we're good to go.
All right let's go ahead and actually load the data which is the actual reviews.
So if you guys go back here to our project here which is analysing Amazon reviews you will find that
there is a file here called Amazon underscored Alexa dot t as V.
And that's simply the data you guys can download the data as well from Kaggle and this is the link for
the data.
Again this data is obviously like you know like open open source available data to everybody.
So going to say OK let's read the data so we're going to use pen this data frame or pen this library
to lead to load our data.
So going to say PD dot read on the score see as V.
And here we're going to pass along our Amazon underscore Alexa dot t as V.
Right.
And what we're going to do here we're going to say okay our separator which is the information in the
file is separated by equals 2 backslash t all right.
And we leave all that data.
I'm going to put it into the F underscore Alexa which is gonna be our data frame.
This is simply just treat our data and put it in our data frame the F Alexa let's run.
That looks good.
And let's take a look at the data.
So what I'm going to ask you guys to do is to if you guys remember to use the head methods right and
use the tail as well as a member to your data frame to actually try to go ahead and visualize the first
couple of rows.
And the last couple of rows please go ahead pause the video and I'll see you guys after the challenge.
All right.
I hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge you have done that several times in the past and
if you guys who are maybe not familiar well maybe he went in here right away into that project.
So what we going to do here we're going to say OK the F underscored Alexa which is our data frame dot
head.
That should give us.
Let's actually move this the F underscore Alexa dot head.
That's give us you know the first couple of rows within our data.
So let's take a look at it.
It's actually pretty interesting you would find that we have five columns here.
Here it shows the rating which is what star rating the customer gave.
So maybe five star reviews for start and so on.
He'll chose the date.
So it's actually pretty decent data we have July 2018.
You know like 31 July 3 first and so on he is showing the variation which is charcoal fabric walnut
finish and so on.
So different variations within the product.
OK.
Why that information is important.
Maybe like you know like all bad reviews are associated let's say with the walnut finish maybe so that
we can get that information and that will you know can we feed it back to like let's say the product
strategy to maybe remove the one that finish or maybe make it better.
Or maybe like you know like because that has an impact on the overall product sales and reviews as well.
OK.
It looks good.
And then here these are the verified reviews.
That's actually what the customer wrote like love my eco loved it.
You know like I had a lot of fun with it and so on and here we have our feedback so feedback is either
1 or 0 1 that means positive feedback.
That means two.
That means three four or five stars and zero is bad feedback.
That means one or two star.
All right looks good.
Let's go ahead and actually visualize the last couple of Rose of mystic IDF dot Alexa and you're gonna
say my apologies the F underscored Alexa it's a dark tale that you showed the last couple of rows.
And here we go.
So it seems that we have around 3000 views which would make sense.
And here it seems like there are more variations in here is like black dots that appeared you know which
is we don't know how many variations.
And that's kind of some of the visualization of the data we're gonna be doing.
All right looks great.
OK.
The next step is I'm going to ask you guys to get the keys so going to take IDF underscored Alexa dot
keys and that should give us you know what the columns and here's two choices the rating the date variation
verifies reviews and feedback.
OK.
Looks good.
Let's add a couple of neural new cells.
Again adding cells you press eight to add cells.
All right.
And afterwards what we could do we could say OK maybe you can go ahead and take a look at the reviews.
So you say okay under our data frame which is the F underscore Alexa we're going to grab our verified
reviews verified underscore reviews that should grab us our our column right.
So here we have like love my echo.
Love that.
You know I have a lot of fun with it.
I received you know love it.
I have listened to it seems like the word love you know is repeated right.
Love love love.
So maybe we can find a way to actually using the word count to plot which one is the most kind of repeated
word.
You know and it's really really powerful.
You gonna see how can we do that.
OK.
All right.
Looks good.
Afterwards what we could do we could say OK maybe we can try to use the info method.
We're going to say these f underscored Alexa dot info enter.
And here we go.
Info it gives you kind of a quick summary of OK how many entries were in the ratings who have three
150 and they're all integers 64.
We have the dates you know variations verify the views all of them.
Obviously we have 30 150.
And the good thing is that there are no NOLs which is amazing.
That means there is no like there's no missing information or the information contained on the function
is good.
Then you don't need to go and actually do like feature engineering and you know like add maybe some
new lines and stuff like that the data is pretty much intact that's good.
And here we have the memory usage is around you know 123 terabytes.
It's it's not too bad.
All right.
OK.
What we could do as well who can say OK ADF underscored Alexa dot described.
And here we go describe gives you kind of a quick summary of if all the numbers that are contained so
here we have ratings.
Here we have feedback.
Right.
So the rating shows you how many that count how many elements were in that column ratings we have sitting
on 50.
Right.
The mean is that on four point four six.
That's a good thing.
OK.
That's out of five.
That's great feedback.
You know as our point 9 1 again the feedback is either 0 or 1.
If you guys take a look at it here you'll find the minimum value for the feedback was zero maximum value
is 1 for the reviews its minimum value was 1 maximum value was 5 and the standard deviation which is
the dispersion from the mean is around 1.
Here the feedback that dispersion from the mean is that on point 2 and this is kind of 25 percentile
50 at 75 percent.
Don't worry about it.
The overall idea is the mean here is four point four six.
And that's kind of the most important information along with the min max values.
All right.
And that's all what I have for this lecture.
So at this lectures what we have done is that we went through the data overview and problem statement
and then we what we did that we imported our libraries here.
We imported our data and we took a look at a couple of rows took a couple of rows at the end as well.
We check a couple of reviews and then we're able as well to get some info and using the info and describe
as well to get some information regarding our data frame.
And that's pretty much all what I have for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
And the next lectures we're going to go ahead and visualize some data going to get way more interesting.
And I'll see you guys in the next lecture.